[Music]
the kids What a great community the
best community on the internet eh the best
community on the internet I have the
kids plus the
gentlemen three or four I don't even know how much
time [ __ ] weeks without bending my
back point number one because I was
busy with the rewind it turned out that I
fell really bad as a dog jokes
aside okay because today is the day
about dogs about puppies and because I
went on vacation for a week no
that also has to be noted
but things as they are eh things
as they are without uploading powerful content I
mean barely without uploading content removing
the rewind Julio a kiss barely without uploading
content barely without uploading content
three weeks no let's see yes it's
true that while I was doing
the rewind while I was working on
the rewind last week a little
more than a week more or less I stopped
recording videos for the main channel in
fact I left a couple of scripts lying around so as
not to confuse the Editors anymore who already eh
even had there was some
misunderstanding or two at the end of the rewind because there
were problems no  they arrived on time and
all that no eh but it's true that if I
had continued I would have continued
doing live shows normally here at
the salsería and on telesalseo okay What
happens is that I didn't get really sick I couldn't I couldn't
even speak you saw
in fact in the last day or so the
last connection that I made that I
had a bad throat and and much to my
regret I couldn't speak In fact I've been
recovering my voice on the trip on the
trip in fact I haven't recorded much either I
recorded some stuff then when I
got back it
occurred to me yesterday thinking I say wow I
could have recorded this content here
this other one there but well another
time I'll go back to New York and I'll record
all those ideas that
occurred to me then I was recording things like
the places showing a little bit of the
places and what I'll surely do for the
main channel would be Well I'll do it
Tomorrow or the day after I'm going to I'm going to do
like a guide like some advice not what
I liked what I didn't
like what's worth it eh In case
you travel to New York or whatever they're not
videos that  they are also good to have them
there it's not that it's what I recorded
basically I haven't recorded anything else
so I'll put it together And the editor will do what's
left as cool as possible okay
but yes it's true that later
other ideas have occurred to me that I could have
recorded it smelled like weed yes a lot
a lot it smelled like weed a lot a kiss
Román I'm not more of a crab since I
found out that you're a cartoon villain
well that's what it was that was a little
weird no what just happened to me I
still haven't finished assuming it I mean It
turns out that I find out this afternoon
but let's say I found out Because
suddenly everyone starts to me I was
on Twitter a little bit catching up eh
seeing more or less what had happened I mean I do
n't know let's see today today it's like
like I said in the previous
telesalseo live and ar a kiss eh Because of you
Venezuela has suffered a lot churra how do
I explain this to my mother tomorrow let's
see today the day is a bit of a first
contact I recorded a video
for the main channel I don't know what time it
will be em I did a live on
telesalseo  playing a little bit not
catching up a little and today here it's going to
be the same we'll react to
things and so on and I'll tell you a little bit about what
happened with the rewind also a
first contact No tomorrow it
will be a little more normal
tomorrow they will return a little more to the routine
let's say but yes it is true that I was
on Twitter before not before starting the
telesalseo live eh checking a
little bit of what to talk about in the live shows and they
started sending me this that it's about
Nicolás Maduro or so It turns out that the
president of Venezuela is making this
comic in which well I imagine he will pay
someone to do it no In fact it
has a certain quality eh in which he
becomes a superhero okay super mustache it's
called and and and he has taken me in the comic I
mean this is what has left me really crazy
No look laje Jordi wil utbh and here dal
elox okay it's a mix between Dallas
and y delox okay And Javi Rick the canine I
mean he drew me he took the photo of a
knife that  He probably sent him the knife guy, maybe he didn't even
take the photo they
always put on the knife and he put me in
the body of a dog, but I mean, the fact that
Nicolás Maduro
put me in a comic book still hasn't come
to terms with it, eh, I still haven't come to terms with this.
Tomorrow, how do I explain this to my
mom, mom messed with me, Maduro,
you're going to fall for it, Oliveira, man. This could
be the end for me, eh. And let me tell you, dog,
man, of course, this. This could be the
end for me, eh. I've seen a lot of people out there
rejoicing that last month I had
half the visits, no, they haven't realized that I've
made half the content,
but of course, the thing about Nicolás Maduro
getting involved here, it's already hard,
eh. And that I merge with Ricky, edit, I'll
tell you, [ __ ] up, [ __ ] up, eh, but I didn't
mess with this man, no, if Javi falls,
capitalism falls, of course, let's see, it makes
sense, it makes sense, this, this, let's see. I don't
know, there will be one. I don't know,
Nicolas will have gone crazy, at least he didn't
put your tongue out, no, no, but  it's the
knife photo eh I'm sure of that
Remember the cartoon he did on Thursday
about the youtubers this is worse or better
face rolling around laughing Eh Well I don't
know why in the end Thursday is like
something more just face to face it's not more
a magazine that I don't know about here no
but of course whoever catches you, let them
catch you Nicolás Maduro I don't know I
still have to look at this
calmly or whatever but it's that
apparently It's that he draws himself as a
superhero and commissions on
public television and in I don't know what public magazine
this series of comic cartoons
So he has considered that I am a
fascist youtuber Hey but he
drew me with some good balls eh that
must be said too eh he
drew me with some good balls here eh
but of course you're going to sue him Javi Let's see I do
n't know if I can sue Maduro the
truth is I don't think so no I don't know if Pablo Franco
is around but but this is not a
little strange I mean you have to think
that I have to put this in your
biography I don't know  but let's see, I don't have
Wikipedia, I don't. I mean, I have Wikipedia. I
'm on Wikipedia because objectively this should
appear, I think this should
appear in my Wikipedia. The
truth is that the strangest thing of all is
where I opened it, that right at the
moment when Nicolás Maduro
was drawing me in that comic, I was
doing
this. This is the exact moment. This
is the exact moment of my life the other
day in which the president, you
know what I mean, the president of
Venezuela commissioned a drawing to mess
with me to call me a dog.
No, my life isn't a little strange. I mean, we don't
live in a simulation. Of course,
tomorrow I have to go eat here with my
mother and I have to explain to her why the
president of Venezuela is messing
with me. Of course, your life is a comedy. No,
no, but it's just that, no, no, I don't know. I didn't
understand this, I don't know, the truth is, I live
very quietly and I live. uh, you know
that I like to live a low profile and
for me, the fact that the president of
Venezuela suddenly takes it out on
me and gives me a puppy face, well, I
haven't, I don't know, I don't know if I've taken it very well.  Okay, I'm
talking about Ricky or has it all just started?
Well, it hadn't started, but uh, I
think this is the first time I've felt
calm here, right? And let's talk about what
happened with the rwi issue because it
seems like a fantasy to me, imagine being in
Chile in New York and being attacked by a
dictator from Venezuela right in your face,
but the thing is, I've never messed with
that man, no. I mean, he's messed with me,
but not because of his appearance. I mean, who
knows who he's talking to for me to get me, for him to
name me Javi the
canine, besides, he named me Javi the
canine, I don't know, I have to accept that, it
's still very recent, it
caught me by surprise, I didn't
expect it, I didn't expect it, I didn't
expect it, honestly. But anyway, I know that
at least I know that at
least Javi the wig, Javi the canine and the
legum pasa, are going to defend Maduro,
I'm very clear about that. uh, in this one they're
with Maduro, no, I don't like him very much, but in
this one I'm with
him, foreigner
[Music]